Sunny, go away
Leave me alone.
I'm not leaving, I want to go together
What a couple of informed men and women.
supper
Hand over the soul book
Otherwise I will kill
In that case, you will die too.
Tell the truth
Zhang Xueyao is in my hands
I don't really believe you would put the book of living people
Leave it to me just to take a gamble
And arranged for back-up
After all, it's just a woman
How can it compare to a living uncle
But now because of the Heart Spell
Killing him is killing you
Your life is in my hands
Do you think I've got you?
Give me the living uncle
You are wrong in my heart
Uncle Living can't compare to Xueyao's hair at all
Humph
You can't fool me with a fake living uncle
Because the living uncle is not on me at all
Stop that old man hurting you so much
I must have given you the living uncle
The master really didn't give me the living uncle
If you don't believe it
You can ask the master.
The master is here